Yes, sir. Is there a problem?
You shouldn't come up and judge people by their appearance
Suppress me and humiliate me
Then I called your manager over
At the last minute I took out my Supreme VIP black card
It's right to slap you in the face
I'm sorry sir, I didn't understand what you mean.
I can ask the manager to receive you if you want.
Not fun.
Miss Chen is a smart person
should
Know how much this loan will help you start a family
Does it matter?
Why don't you sleep with me for one night?
I'll grant you the loan
You are so old and need someone to sleep with you
I'm not your mother
Forget it
Start a family
Why did you call such a beautiful woman here?
Talk to me, do you really not understand?
I don't know what you mean.
But my mom said if you touch me here
Just one punch
Okay, let's play, right?
If you want a loan, there is no guard at the door.
Someone committed a murder at the bank
Hold him up for me
Stop
Who are you, Chen Jiang?
Chen Beixuan